[dramatic, epic music plays]
[announcer] The Great Champion.
Apollo!
[cheering]
The Warrior!
Ares!
[crowd cheering]
[announcer] Do not blink, lest you miss…
Hermes!
[flapping]
[both grunt]
Yah!
[all gasp]
[grunts]
[zaps]
[thunder rumbles]
[Zeus] What did you tell your mother?
You're the only one who knew where I was.
What did you say?
[crows cawing]
Nothing I didn't already know.
[majestic music playing]
[thunder rumbles]
[Zeus] Hera, please.
[Hera] I've always stayed true to you,
yet you embarrass me again and again.
Oh, calm down.
All those times you slipped away.
It was to see her.
[sighs] No, of course not.
[laughs]
Only because there were others!
Did you…
ever love me?
Of course.
And her?
[somber music plays]
[sobs]
[cracks]
[rumbling]
[screams]
I'm going to kill her and her bastard son.
You'll do no such thing.
[thunder rumbling]
Who's going to stop me? You?
Before you took my hand in marriage,
[distorted voice]
I was the queen of the heavens.
Were.
[thunder rumbling]
Do you know what the others say
when you're frolicking on Earth?
They mock you.
I'm the one who reminds them
what a great hero you are.
I'm the one that keeps them in line.
You were great during the war,
when there was a reason to be, but now…
you're an embarrassment.
All you've done is drink,
carouse and feed your every desire.
It's only because of me
you remain atop the throne.
Don't flatter yourself.
Her life will remain
in the hands of the Fates.
Is that clear?
Answer me!
I don't answer fools.
Touch her and the consequences
will be severe.
Severe, indeed.
You've made a fool of me
for the last time.
[whooshes]
Another one of his bastards.
Father,
Heron's polis is under attack.
Clear the cloud cover.
[ominous music plays]
Mother? Mother?
[growls]
[grunting]
[whimpers]
[groans]
[screams]
[growling softly]
Where are your men?
Dead.
[ominous music plays]
[sighs] They cannot have this.
[thunderous choral music plays]
[panting]
[whooshes]
The clouds. Look at the clouds.
[woman 1] Quick, the children!
-[woman 2] Get out of here!
-[man 2] Everyone, take cover!
Heron!
[indistinct clamoring]
[both panting]
[ominous music plays]
[growling]
There's a mine that cuts
through the mountain.
It's the fastest way to create distance
between them and us.
[heroic music plays]
[rumbling]
[both panting]
[commander] Archon Alexia.
What happened?
We have to evacuate the polis.
Heron said there's a mine
that leads through the mountain.
It's just past the northwest gate.
I've mined it for years.
I don't take orders from bastards.
-Just do as he says.
-Come on. Let's go.
-I'll catch up to you.
I have to find my mother.
Mother? Mother?
Mother?
Electra!
[thunder rumbling]
[Zeus] Stop!
[explosion]
[grunting]
[ominous music plays]
[groans. screams]
[gasps]
Run.
[Zeus's voice echoing] Run.
[groaning]
[thunderous choral music plays]
[Zeus] He has the elevated position.
[whooshes]
[Zeus] Roll left.
-[grunts]
-[Zeus] Now is not the time.
Run.
[panting]
[grunts]
[groans]
[roars]
[Zeus] Jump! Now!
[urgent music plays]
[heroic choral music plays]
[growling]
Wait!
We're not waiting for you.
[grunting]
Mother? Mother?
-[man 3] Go to the mine.
-[man 4] Are we going to the mine?
Wait. Wait. Wait.
-Heron!
-[man 5] The mine is our only escape.
-[woman 3] Let's go! Let's go!
-[woman 4] Wait for me!
[grunts]
Oh…
[sighs]
To the mine!
[explosion]
-[man 6] There must be another escape!
-[man 7] What do we do?
-[man 8] It's the only place to hide!
-[man 9] Just stay calm!
This is it. He's got us cornered.
[growl]
-What is that?
-What is that thing?
[indistinct chatter]
[ominous music playing]
[man 10]
Hurry! We can still make it to the mine.
[man 11] No. The demons.
They're already there.
We can't go back to town, either.
There's no way out.
[fire crackles]
[man 12] What do we do?
[man 13] The mine is blocked.
But we can't go back to town.
[man 14] Hide!
[dramatic music playing]
My name is Seraphim.
I'm the leader of the people of Melidoni.
The people you call demons.
[all groan]
I'm looking for the Grand Archon
Alexia, the Amazonian.
Who can speak on behalf of this polis?
Is there no one?
No one at all.
Are there no nobles?
Step forward, help me and I'll consider
sparing your families and your lands.
I can speak for this polis.
Who are you?
I am Aratus Theogonis.
Theogonis?
Son of Epizelos, which means
you're also cousins with King Acrisius.
Yes. Do you know him?
I do. He did this.
Now when I see a noble,
all I see is his face.
And nothing brings me more satisfaction
than watching one die.
[grunting]
-Do you have any children?
-I--
They need to be made strong.
I do the world a great service.
I infect your loved ones with my mark.
Long after I'm gone, I will be remembered
while you'll be swept away like the dust.
[Daemon Tracker] My king.
[whimpers]
We've picked up her scent.
Looks like I won't be needing your help
after all.
[sighs deeply]
[slash]
[choking]
[people groan]
[mysterious music playing]
[panting]
[ominous music plays]
[light music]
We lost the scent.
Two can play this game.
She doubled back.
[howling]
[Hera] Don't.
Her life is in the hands of the Fates.
Or had you forgotten?
What is this?
[ominous music playing]
[groaning]
[Hera] How do you expect us to obey
when you don't?
I don't expect anything. I demand it.
Demand all you want, but the Pantheon
can't exist without law.
It's greater than even you.
Without it, there's chaos.
Then let there be chaos!
[pants]
-She's right.
-You take her side, brother?
There are no sides, only the law.
No one wants bloodshed.
Is that a threat?
You said breaking the law
was punishable by death!
What would you have us do, brother?
[grunting]
Where is she? Where is Alexia?
I don't know.
Then how do you explain this?
I can't.
[whimpers]
She's telling the truth.
[groans]
[Seraphim]
I don't remember asking you anything.
[sobs]
[choral music playing]
[pants]
[mumbles]
[indistinct whispering]
Your prayers won't help you.
It's not me I'm praying for.
No!
[tense music playing]
[muffled grunts]
[muffled]
Heron. Heron.
Your eyes are full of hate.
[grunts]
That's good.
Hate keeps a man alive.
[grunts]
[Seraphim] Gives him strength.
[somber music plays]
Heron!
[whispering]
There's nothing left for you now.
You'll become one of us or die.
[grunts]
[groans]
No!
[dramatic music plays]
-[Heron, distant] No!
-[gasps]
[somber music plays]
Take him away.
Looks like you were wrong about him,
but it's not your fault, almighty Zeus.
It's his mother's blood.
Find the Archon, she can't be far.
[choral music plays]
[somber music plays]
[closing theme music]